We have built our image and push it off to Docker Hub.
Now we just need to make sure that we reach into our running Kubernetes cluster and tell the deployment
inside they're responsible for our off pods to use this new image.
So the key phrase inside there is that we need to reach into our Kubernetes cluster running inside of
digital ocean.
So to do so, we're going to go through a process very similar to what we just did on our local machines
using the dactyl cli.
Let me show you a diagram, just to summarize what's going to go on.
Okay.
So our workflow is running inside of a GitHub container.
Inside that container we are going to install ductile.
After installing ductile inside the container, we're going to authorize it or initialize it using an
API key.
Let's give me the same API key we created just a moment ago on Digital Ocean.
We're going to use Ductile to fetch the context that describes how we can connect to the cluster running
inside of digital ocean.
And we're going to feed that context into Cube ETL.
Now it turns out that ETL comes preinstalled inside of a GitHub container, so we do not have to install
cube ETL or anything like that.
It's already there ready to go.
We do have to, however, have to make sure that we install ourselves manually.
Okay.
So that's the general idea.
Let's get to it.
Back over on GitHub.
I'm going to go to the code tab.
And then dot GitHub workflows.
And then I'll find deploy off HTML again.
I'll then find the pencil on the right hand side and we're going to add in a couple more steps to this
thing.
Right after the run, Docker pushed right there.
We're going to add in another step of uses and then digital ocean splash action dash ductile at v2.
So I did say that we have to install ductile manually.
Well, I mean kind of manually.
It turns out that digital ocean has already put together a little shortcut, so to speak, that's going
to install ductile into our running GitHub container for us automatically.
All we have to do is add in this little line.
In addition to that line, we're also going to add in width.
Token.
And then we're going to enter in our token right there.
That's going to make sure that the token we enter is going to be provided to that script and we're going
to get back a pre initialized version of ductal all ready to go for us.
Now for the token, of course we are not going to add it in as plain text.
Instead, we're going to reference it in the same kind of way that we did back up here with this secret
thing.
So we have to add a new secret into our repository.
Remember how we do that?
We go back up towards the top, find settings on the right hand side, open it in the new tab.
And then inside of that new tab, I'll go to Secrets.
And then I'm going to add in another secret.
So I'm going to call this new secret digital ocean.
Access token.
Once again, please triple check your spelling here.
In particular, make sure you've got two seas in access.
Then for the value, we're going to go back over to our Digital Ocean Dashboard and generate another
API token.
So here is my dashboard.
On the bottom left hand side, you'll find that AP section.
And then on personal access tokens, we will generate a new token.
I'm going to give this new token a descriptive name and I'll call it something like GitHub.
Access token.
I'll then generate the token.
And then once again, I'm going to copy it.
Take it back over to my repo and paste the value in.
And again, by the time you watch this video, trust me, I have deleted this token.
So please don't try to just use the same one I am entering.
Okay.
So I'm going to add that secret.
And I'll go back over to my editor.
So now down here on the width token, right after that, I'm going to put in dollar sign.
Curly brace.
Curly Brace.
Secrets dot digital ocean.
Access token and then close off the curly braces.
And again, please double check your spelling on digital ocean and access.
Very easy places to make a little typo.
All right.
So then after that, very similar again to what we did at our terminal, we're going to use octal to
get the Kubernetes config and save it onto our local machine, or in this case, I should say, inside
the container.
So inside of a new.
The ash run section.
We're going to add in ductile Kubernetes.
Cluster.
You config save and then the name of our cluster so you can get the name of your cluster just in case
you forgot it.
Back over on the Kubernetes dashboard.
Go to the Kubernetes section, and that is going to be your name right there.
So I had called mine simply ticketing.
So I'm going to enter in cube config save ticketing like so.
So that should give us a pre initialized copy or all the context information we need and shove it into
CTL.
It should also make that the active context on ETL as well.
So at that point on, we should be able to issue commands to cube CTL and have them be executed against
our cluster running inside of digital ocean.
Now the very last step, we have to tell our department to update itself and use the latest image that
we just pushed off to Docker Hub.
So for that, we're going to put in another run section right here.
And you might remember this command from way earlier on inside this course.
They command that we're going to use to restart a deployment is to rollout.
Restart deployment and then the name of the deployment that we want to restart.
Remember the name of our deployment is simply auth dash devel.
And if we forget the name or where that comes from right there, we can go back over into our editor,
find the infra directory.
Inside there is our auth deployment and that is the name of our deployment right there.
So we are trying to specifically restart this deployment and tell it to use the latest version of our
image.
Okay.
That should be it.
So once again, we are going to build our image, log into Docker, push it off to Docker Hub.
We then authenticate and install ductile.
We then get connection credentials to get connection to our digital ocean communities cluster.
And then we reach into that cluster and tell the deployment to restart itself.
Boy, that is just a totally tongue tie phrase to some crazy steps inside there, but I think we've
got a solid solution put together.
So we're going to what now commit this file lookup to start commit and then commit changes.
And it sure would be great to test this thing out.
Unfortunately, we cannot test it just yet.
Remember, our cluster itself is not actually running anything related to the deployment at all.
We have not applied any of our original config files to it, so we still have to put together one other
workflow that's going to make sure that it takes everything inside that info directory and applies all
those different config files to our cluster.
So we're going to take a pause right here and then start that second workflow in just a moment.
Once we're done with that one, we'll then be able to test everything out.
A quick pause, and I'll see you in just a minute.